[New Concept Exercise] : Generators (Plane Tickets) (#2729)
exercism/python: concepts/generators/introduction.md

> # Introduction

Author: Ah alrighty, will fix!

> # Introduction

Author: I don't see the `strings` exercise using this though?

> # Introduction

Reviewer: Really?  I thought I saw that.  Let me double check.  😄

> # Introduction

Reviewer: Yes - `strings` is a little bit of an exception.  Although if you look, the `introduction.md` and the `about.md` have the the same opening sentences, albeit in a different order.  😄

> # Introduction

Author: Will add that then!

> # Instructions

Reviewer: Did you mean for this to be the exercise introduction/instructions?  If not, I think this should be `#introduction`.

Author: Whoops, yep that

Author: ```suggestion
# Introduction
```

> A generator in Python is a _callable function_ that returns a [lazy iterator](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lazy_evaluation).

Reviewer: If this is meant to be the concept introduction, I think it should be shorter.  Something along the lines of this [`dicts`](https://github.com/exercism/python/blob/main/concepts/dicts/introduction.md) one.  I think usage examples are better in `about.md` and or the exercise introduction itself.

Reviewer: I really like this content tho.  I just think that the introduction for a concept should be as condensed as we can make it.

_Lazy iterators_ are similar to `lists`, and other `iterators`, but with one key difference: They do not store their `values` in memory, but _generate_ their values when needed.

## Constructing a generator

Constructing a `generator` is a bit different than a normal `function`. You will need the `yield` expression, which we will go into depth with [later](#the-yield-expression).

Lets say you want to construct a `generator` that generates all the _squares_ from a list of numbers. You would construct that function like this:

```python
>>> def squares(list_of_numbers):
>>>     for number in list_of_numbers:
>>>         yield number ** 2
```

## Using a generator

> It is possible to use any Python _function_ or _object_ that requires an `iterator` as an argument.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A generator can be used as an argument to any Python _function_ or _object_ that requires an `iterator`.

```

> For example, if you want to use the `squares()` generator we just constructed, we simply use:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, if you want to use the `squares()` generator we just constructed, we simply write:

```

>>>     print(square)
1
4
9
16
```

You can also get access to the values of a `generator` by using the `next()` function. The `next()` function calls the `__next__()` attribute of a generator.

```python
square_generator = squares([1, 2])

>>> next(square_generator)
1
>>> next(square_generator)
4
```

When the `generator` has no more values to return it throws a `StopIteration` error.

```python
>>> next(square_generator)
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "<stdin>", line 1, in <module>
StopIteration
```

## The yield expression

The [yield expression](https://docs.python.org/3.8/reference/expressions.html#yield-expressions) is very similar to the `return` expression. Unlike the `return` expression, `yield` returns a _generator object_ to the caller.

When `yield` is called, it pauses the execution of the function it is in and returns a value. When `__next__()` is called, it resumes the execution of the function.

Note: _`yield` expressions are prohibited to be used outside of functions._

```python
>>> def infinite_sequence():
>>>     current_number = 0
>>>     while True:
>>>         yield current_number
>>>         current_number += 1

>>> lets_try = yield_expression()

> >>> lets_try.__next__()

Reviewer 2: Would this yield 0, 0, 1? Or 0, 1, 2?

Should `next()` be preferred over dundermethods?

Author: You are right, fixed that!

0
>>> lets_try.__next__()
0
>>> lets_try.__next__()
1
```

> ## Why generators?

Reviewer 2: What about generator expressions? `sum(a ** 2 for a in range(10))`

Author: Generator expressions is a whole different concept-exercise. Issue #2292
